added a new check (#5561)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/managed-desktop/get-ready/readiness-assessment-fix.md

Make sure that any security baseline policies you have exclude Microsoft Managed Desktop devices. For steps, see [Use security baselines to configure Windows 10 devices in Intune](/mem/intune/protect/security-baselines). During enrollment, we apply a new security baseline to all Microsoft Managed Desktop devices. The **Modern Workplace Devices -All** Azure AD group is a dynamic group that we create when you enroll in Microsoft Managed Desktop, so you'll have to come back to exclude this group after enrollment. 

### Unlicensed admins

> Microsoft Managed Desktop requires this setting to be enabled to ensure that we can continue to provide the highest quality of support to your organization. Without this setting enabled, we have experienced a lack of permissions error when interacting with customer tenants. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Managed Desktop requires this setting to be enabled to ensure that we can continue to provide the highest quality of support to your organization. Without this setting enabled, we have experienced a lack of permissions errors when interacting with customer tenants. 
```

Reviewer 2: Edit is not grammatical.

**Not ready**

> Allow access to unlicensed admins should be enabled. For steps, see [Prerequisites for guest accounts](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/managed-desktop/get-ready/guest-accounts?view=o365-worldwide)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Allow access to unlicensed admins** should be enabled. For the required steps, see [Prerequisites for guest accounts](/microsoft-365/managed-desktop/get-ready/guest-accounts?view=o365-worldwide).
```

Author: @jaimeo can you review?
